match <- read.csv(file="c:/Users/donagh/OneDrive/Spreadsheet fun/PA Analytics/PA Template/repltest.csv", header=TRUE, sep=";")
attach (match)

match$Team<- as.character(match$Team)

#sapply(match, class)

#will need more closing brackets

match %>% mutate(Team =
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Tck Def Ndp A", "Dublin", 
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Tck Dp Def A", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Tck Prs A", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Fk Loss Tck A", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Tck Def Ndp GA", "Dublin", 
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Tck Dp Def GA", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Tck Prs GA", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Fk Loss Tck GA", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "KoBrk Opp A", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Kerry" & Action == "Brk Opp A", "Dublin",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Tck Def Ndp B", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Tck Dp Def B", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Tck Prs B", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Fk Loss Tck B", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Tck Def Ndp GB", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Tck Dp Def GB", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Tck Prs GB", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Fk Loss Tck GB", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "KoBrk Opp B", "Kerry",
ifelse(Team == "Dublin" & Action == "Brk Opp B", "Kerry",
 match$Team)))))))))



Tck Def Ndp A
Tck Dp Def A 
Tck Prs A
Fk Loss Tck A
Tck Def Ndp GA
Tck Dp Def GA 
Tck Prs GA
Fk Loss Tck GA
KoBrk Opp A
Brk Opp A

Tck Def Ndp B
Tck Dp Def B
Tck Prs B
Fk Loss Tck B
Tck Def Ndp GB
Tck Dp Def GB
Tck Prs GB
Fk Loss Tck GB
KoBrk Opp B
Brk Opp B